Q1. Who developed Python Programming Language?
  Guido Van Rossum



Q2. Which type of programming does Python Suppport?
 Python is flexiable language, It supports Object Oriented Language and 
Structured Language(Scripting).


Q3. Is Python is case sensitive while dealing with identifiers?
Yes, Python is case sensitive language.

Q4. What is the correct extension of Python File ?
Extension is - .py


Q5. Is Python is compiled or interpreted?
Python is interpretd language, In this first sourcecode is converted in  bytecode then it executed.
It executed code directly & easily.

Q6. Name a few bocks of code used to define in Python Language?
	if(condition):
		#print("when if is true)
			if(Condition)
				#print("When if it is true")
	elif(condition):
		#print("statement")
	else:
		#print("statement")

Q7. State a character used to give single-line comments in Python?

	# is used for single lime comment.
	apply --1. select all area in which comment is aplied.
	2. ctrl+ /
Q8.Mention functions which  help us to find the version of python that we are currently working in?
  
		from platform import python_version 
		python_version()
Q9. Python supports the creation of anonymous function at runtime, using the constuct called__?
 	Lambda
Q10. What does pip stand for Python ?
	Preferred Installer Program

Q11. Mention  a few built -in function in Python?

bool()- return either true or false.
type()- type of the data type.
Q12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python ?

	79 characters 
Q13. What are the benefits of using  Python?
- simple and easy to earn 
- Portable & Extensible
- OOPS Programming
-A.I  & ML Alogorithm

Q14. How is memory managed in Python?
In Python  memory is managed by heap.

Q15.  How to install Python on Windows and set path variable?

-Locate where python is being instaled,click open file location and copy location path from top 
 by clicking over it.
Q16 Is identation required in Python ?
- In python indentation used to indicate the block of code.

